SILVER AND THE BOOK OF DREAMS
Where am I?
What is this place?
Dad?
Dad!
No, Dad!
Help me!
Wake up. We're in London.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
It's this way.
Cool.
Mom!
You're finally here.
Welcome to London. How were your holidays?
-Butter!
-We went hiking everyday.
Come on.
You'll love Ernest.
I have a surprise for you.
It's going to be great.
I hate her surprises.
Hello, ladies. Welcome to London.
This is Ernest.
You must be Liv. It's lovely to meet you.
You're very welcome.
-And Mia, of course.
-Nice to meet you. Hi.
Let's go inside
so you can meet the others.
-Who are the others?
-No idea.
-Come on, Butter.
-Where are we?
Please no commune.
We're so happy to have you join us.
-Aren't we, Florence?
-Of course.
Can I go upstairs now?
A tenner until we finish eating and see?
My soup bowl is empty.
-You paid her?
-She's not exactly a people person.
Florence, please stay.
Don't you want to get to know the girls?
Unbelievable.
Where's their father?
Sorry, I should've seen this coming.
No, it's fine.
He died.
Five years ago. He had an accident.
-What kind?
-Florence, enough.
Sorry I'm late.
-Grayson.
-He's not sorry. Liar.
Finally.
Hey. I'm Grayson.
Liv.
I'm Mia. Nice to meet you.
Hey.
Cool.
Enjoy your meal.
So, you guys are gonna live here now?
-Like a patchwork family.
-Yeah.
Here's to new beginnings.
Here's to replacing Dad.
No one wants to replace your dad.
But we all have the right to be happy.
That's why you drag us
to a new country every year?
I'm so sorry you know five languages.
I'm sorry I'm not in the mood
to play the happy family with strangers.
I give you a month.
He won't stand you any longer.
Challenge accepted.
I'm so sorry.
-Florence, could you please show...
-No.
-I'm sorry.
-I don't need anyone's help.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
The bathroom is upstairs.
Oh, no. It's all on the carpet.
Don't let Butter lick it up.
Anabel is gone for a reason.
We don't know
if we can find another maiden.
Wait.
-That's my jumper.
-It's super nice.
Okay. It's too dangerous.
Why have we played this game?
Come on. No one is really a maiden.
Or Anabel wasn't a maiden.
Okay, I'll give it one last try.
Then I'm out. Bye.
I hate this shitty book.
Today we're gonna bake
some special treats for Christmas.
Lamingtons!
Exactly, and I'm gonna show you
how it's done.
Shall we give it a go?
-Yeah. It's coconut.
-This is coconut.
-Yeah.
-Sponges and you cut them in half,
-and cut them into squares.
-Yes.
-I've been dreaming about him a lot.
-Yeah?
What do you dream about?
The dreams are like this video.
We're making Lamingtons.
But then we're
in this really beautiful red house.
Like a cottage, you know?
-Am I there, too?
-Of course you are.
You and Dad are making a huge mess,
like always.
I really wish I could talk to him again.
Just one more time.
To tell him that I'm sorry.
He knows.
Here. You get Dad's watch tonight.
Say hi to him from me.
You can't say hi to people in dreams.
You don't know for sure.
I'll tell him you said hi.
I'm going to get something to drink.
Grayson.
You're lucky Anabel's ancestors
didn't choose
to get their ashes scattered
in the North Sea.
-Bloody Highgate Cemetery, of all places.
-Besides, mate, it's not that creepy.
It is. Look at that.
-Hey, Henry. You saying, Gray?
-Hey, Jas.
Hey, Arthie.
Right, the Scott fam.
Probably we should wait. Are you sure?
Like, everything looks exactly the same.
-Okay, man. Chill.
-They all look creepy in the dark.
It says we have to form a circle,
and raise your arms.
Come on, Gray.
Okay, no, I can't. I feel stupid.
-Just raise your arms, Gray.
-Please. We need to get this done, okay?
Show us who will replace Anabel Scott
in time for Hallows' Eve.
Show us...
-What is that?
-Shit.
Well, that's not very predictable.
Who's that?
Shit.
-Who's that, Gray?
-It's a girl.
Hi.
-That's genius. No shit. Obviously.
-That's my new stepsister.
This is really weird.
That's your new stepsister?
-Yeah, one of them.
-I wasn't following you.
You should take a photo, it lasts longer.
She seems cool.
You seem... really weird.
Do you fancy her?
No. Me and her, we're almost like...
related.
Her mom is currently sleeping with my dad.
Let me see that also.
Why am I dreaming of her?
-This is like my subconscious going...
-It's her.
She's the chosen one.
Chosen for what? Tell me.
-No guys, she's not the chosen one.
-She is.
-I can't lie. I'm a hundred percent sure.
-This is what we call...
This is a coincidence.
There are no coincidences, Grayson.
Besides, isn't she wearing your jumper?
Guys. "She" is right here.
Yeah, bro. Isn't that your jumper?
Yeah, she took my jumper
from the bathroom, like-- Okay.
Yeah, I think she's cute.
Go away!
-That's a bit harsh.
-Why?
-She's not real.
-Maybe she is.
Maybe she's a dreamer.
-How do we explain why she's here?
-Shit.
-A dreamer? What?
-Again?
-What is happening?
-Oh, no.
-Shit.
-We need to move.
Your dream is turning into a nightmare.
Let's go back to the dream hall.
-Guys, she's not the maiden.
-Where's your fucking door?
What the hell is going on?
-Hi.
-Morning.
Wasn't there a green door here yesterday?
No. Why?
-Can you show Mia and Liv around school?
-How much?
I'm not paying for everything now.
Can we move back to Paris, then?
To live with our real mom instead of them?
So no grand tour, then.
I'm not their tourist guide.
-Grayson!
-I'm not going, I'm sick.
You get Dad's watch today.
-I hate the first day of school.
-I hate the last day.
I think it's okay here.
It'll be fine.
Okay, whatever that was. Daisy?
-Yeah?
-Take her.
Take me where?
To the dungeon.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'll show you around.
Okay, cool.
Good luck.
My name's Persephone Porter-Peregrin.
I'm the school president.
Cool. Congrats.
Well, you know what?
You can just call me Persy. Honestly--
Sorry, mate. Vote for me again!
Where do we want to start?
School canteen or hallways? Or...
Library! Library/make-out central,
let's go!
I've done seven school tours
in five years.
Can I just have my locker number?
Sure, it's right here.
And this is your key.
It's cursed.
Excuse me?
The locker. It's cursed, they say.
It belonged to Anabel Scott.
-Anabel Scott?
-Yeah.
-Weird.
-Why?
I feel like I've heard that name before.
Well, could be.
That's her.
Is she dead?
No, she just vanished.
Nobody knows where she is,
not even her best friends.
Arthur, Jasper, Henry,
who you're gonna love.
-She's right there.
-If you're into boys.
-It's her.
-Are you?
This can't be.
Hey, where are you going?
Jasper, check there.
-She's gone.
-Jesus.
-Are you sure it was her?
-She can't be too far.
Let's just go to Gray's later.
That's a shot. We'll find her again.
I know you fucked up.
Have you ever had a dream about someone,
then seen them in real life?
-You have a crush. Oh, my God...
-No.
-I knew it.
-No, I don't.
Okay, chill. I'm just saying.
But if you did dream of someone
and then met them in real life...
-... they're the person of your dreams.
-Highgate Cemetery.
-You haven't processed it yet...
-See you later!
Liv, what are you doing?
That's the wrong bus!
It's the one from my dream.
Scott family...
This is all from my dream.
That's impossible.
DREAMS FEEL REAL
Lucid dreaming.
It's the ability to know
you're dreaming while you're dreaming
and gain control over your dreams.
Step one, perform a reality test.
Look at your hand. Does it look different?
Can you count your fingers
and has anything changed?
If it has, you might be dreaming.
But this is an obvious example.
If you delve deeper,
there's a lot more to it.
One, two, three, four, five.
Should we ambush her like that?
All of us? I don't know. It feels weird.
She's the chosen one.
-She's your chosen one.
-What?
He wants to talk to her alone.
Who else you trying to be
at the graveyard?
It was actually subtle...
Shut up.
Shit.
-What are you doing?
-Invite her.
No.
-Grayson, we're running out of time.
-I don't want Liv to be involved in this.
Hi...
My mate, Arthur, is having
a Halloween party this weekend.
Yep. Everyone's gonna be there.
Wow. Except me.
Why not? Can't be as scary
as the graveyard.
What graveyard?
The one where you buried Anabel?
Please, we didn't bury her.
We chopped her up
and fed her to the seagulls.
Oh, my God, Arthur, this is...
He's kidding.
Well, I don't have a costume, so...
I think Grayson's jumper suits you.
Yeah, I kind of want my jumper back.
It's very cozy.
Yeah, which is why I want it back.
All right, in a bit then.
-That wasn't so hard, was it?
-She didn't say she was coming.
Come on, Henry.
She's not gonna invite us in the yard.
Weirdo.
You're idiots.
If you can't count your fingers,
it's a dream.
So, this one doesn't open?
Butter.
Dad?
Mia, you really are dreaming of him.
You won't get in there.
You're Anabel.
Guilty as charged.
I didn't want to go in there.
Of course, you didn't.
It's private.
If what you want is behind that door,
all you have to do is go to Arthur's party
and you will see your dad again.
Butter.
I need a costume.
You're not a fan
of wearing your own clothes, are you?
I look great, don't you think?
Yeah. This was my graduation outfit
from when I was in primary school.
-And you're giving it back this time.
-Wow. Is this Arthur's house?
Yeah, Arthur has money.
Hey, you cut your hair!
I shaved it.
-I'll get drinks. Don't talk to the boys.
-Okay, yes, sir. Brother.
Ahoy, sailor.
Ahoy, Henry.
-You look great.
-Thanks.
You look like a psychopath.
Thank you. I didn't know it was Halloween,
it was just really good timing.
Yeah? Where's the chainsaw?
I left it in my last victim.
Where was this?
That's Anabel's grandma's house in Spain.
We went there last spring.
Is that where she is now?
I honestly don't know.
-Liv!
-Arthur.
Glad you could make it.
-So, are you ready?
-Sure. Ready for what?
Come on. We won't murder you.
What the fuck is this?
-It's medicinal. For my migraines.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Try drinking some water for a change.
What the fuck?
-Sorry about that. Cousin issues.
-I hate you. Where did it all go?
Persephone's your cousin?
She's basically his sister.
Okay, I'll be back.
-Nice. Are we a band now, or something?
-You wish.
This is my parents' studio,
so don't touch anything.
-You ever heard of The Book of Dreams?
-No.
Hey, open the door.
He's gonna be pissed.
-You guys are assholes.
-Love you too.
I said I don't want Liv
to get involved in this.
Maybe I don't want to be involved
in this little boys' club.
Okay, that's great. Let's go home, then.
No! She's already a part of this.
She's a natural dreamer.
Okay, how?
How is this even possible?
-I don't know.
-There isn't a copy of the book, is there?
Don't think so.
Last midsummer's eve,
Anabel showed us The Book of Dreams.
-It's been in her family for generations.
-All right, can I see?
To unleash its magic,
four men and a maiden...
-A "maiden"? Really?
-It's not like virgin.
It's what the book wants.
-It's a pretty sexist book.
-It is.
Four men and a maiden
must complete the games.
Rituals, if you will.
We've already completed
the first initiation ritual.
We became dreamers.
We...
are able to go into other people's dreams.
Now Anabel's gone, we need a new maiden.
Why is she gone?
-She's ghosting us.
-Of course.
-She dumped him.
-Shut up.
You shut up. I'm just--
-Okay.
-Don't tell her everything.
"When Hallows' Eve is due,
make your greatest wish come true."
Are you serious? Is this a joke?
Come on, guys. Did you write this?
Yeah, that's just stupid.
Is this a joke?
Look, we don't know how you can do it,
or if you were just playing a game.
Like Jas said, you're a natural dreamer.
So, might just as well make it official.
So, what do you think?
Liv, you really don't have to.
She's old enough to make her own decision.
So, what do you say then, Silver? You in?
All right, bring it on.
You promised you wouldn't murder me.
Relax. We just need
a teeny-tiny drop of blood.
Okay.
I hate blood. Makes me sick.
-Well, don't faint on us again, okay?
-What? I never fainted.
Okay. The ritual states
we need to write our dreams
on a piece of paper and burn it.
-What's the catch?
-Bro, there is no catch.
There's always a catch.
-Pass me the pen.
-Please.
Jasper's first.
Okay. Cheers.
What I really wish for,
is to become
a professional basketball player.
-Nice.
-Surprise, surprise.
You already are a champion, Jazzy.
Grayson.
I wish...
to be school president.
That's a nice wish.
-Gray for president?
-Well, good luck with that.
I wish to be together with Anabel again.
That's sad, bro.
Henry, you're next.
I wish...
None of your business.
Bro, are you serious?
Liv?
I wish...
I wish I could talk to my dad again.
There you are.
I'll see you in your dream.
Damn it.
Please welcome to the stage
our new school president, Grayson!
Thank you!
-I wanna say, this is not about winning...
-Of course this is what he dreams about.
This is about fighting for your dreams.
You just made it fucking real!
Thank you! I love you!
This is hard-core, man.
This is so going viral.
I'm sorry.
Liv!
-Come with me.
-I'm sorry.
Come on.
Hurry up before this all turns to shit.
-That was so weird.
-Well, that was close.
So, what the hell is this place, actually?
Oh, yeah. We call this a dream hall.
It's where all dreams connect.
Everyone has their own door.
But we can only enter if we wear something
belonging to the person dreaming, right?
Yes, we call them anchors.
Anchors? Why anchors? Why not keys?
'Cause they unlock the door, right?
-Shut up, you smart-ass.
-Okay, who's dream is this?
Maybe you're dreaming of me.
Or you're dreaming of me.
-Wake up! Liv, wake up!
-What?
-Liv, wake up! Wake up!
-Liv, you can't do that.
-Do what?
-Dreams are private, okay?
-Okay.
To be a part of this,
you have to respect some rules.
Well, no one told me about any rules.
I'm telling you now, so listen.
Rule number one is no snooping around
in your friends' dreams.
-Don't do that again.
-Okay.
Take it off.
-What?
-Take my stuff off of you!
Okay.
Don't touch my stuff.
All right.
You okay?
Haven't you heard?
No.
When was this?
An hour ago.
He broke his arm. Season's over for him.
Maybe even his career.
What a nightmare. Vote for me!
Tonight, I'm getting into your dream.
Hi, Henry. Fancy seeing you here.
This?
Yeah, I... Thanks. I always sleep in...
In day wear, like a crazy person.
Okay. Shut up and go to sleep.
Mia, where are you?
Snooping around again?
Did you dress up just for this?
No. Did you?
-What? This?
-Yeah.
No, I didn't.
-Let me show you something.
-Okay.
Be the little girl when I'm asleep.
This is your dream?
Yeah. What gave it away?
No, it's my sister, Amy's.
-She looks like you.
-This tap water tastes delicious.
It's hot chocolate, silly.
-Are we allowed hot chocolate?
-Yes.
Just don't tell the witch.
-I promise.
-Who's the popsicle stick? Your dad?
No, that's me.
I made him for her, but...
Bow ties are not my style,
but Amy wanted me to look smart. So...
What?
-You're cute.
-So are you.
Which one of you stupid kids
left their damn Lego lying around?
-It's turning into a nightmare.
-What?
-Where's the door?
-Oh, shit.
-There's another way to get out.
-Okay, what is it?
Turn. Like dancing.
When you turn slowly
in a dream, new location.
-Okay, cool. What now?
-Now we're gonna jump.
What?
No. Are you joking? It's too high.
You don't wanna know, but you'll find out.
No way. No.
Jumping is just a way out of a dream.
You wake up before you hit the ground.
I'm not doing it.
You want to stay here with my crazy mom?
Don't you dare!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven...
Why are you counting?
And why the hell are you wearing shoes?
Cold feet?
This is too much for me right now.
Good night, Liv.
Everyone is completely insane here.
Blood moon event in two days.
Yeah, in two days.
-See you later.
-Later.
Your boy?
-Hey.
So, about last night...
Nothing happened.
What do you mean, nothing happened?
We jumped from a ginormous doll house,
nearly got stuck in your sister's dream...
It's fine, Liv. Okay? Just leave it, yeah?
So, for my election party tonight,
I was thinking
you, me, and a couple of other people
at my favorite spot.
I know, I'll put you on the list.
But first, wish me luck, okay?
What for?
School president election.
It starts in, like, ten minutes.
Good luck.
-Have any of your wishes come true?
-No.
Relax, mate.
You don't need magic to beat Persy.
Take it easy.
How do I look?
Like a substitute teacher.
That is not true. Look at me.
He reminds me of Mrs. Middles. Remember?
You look stunning.
I'm sure you're all dying to get back
to class, so we'll make this quick.
The votes have been counted.
And the winner...
is Grayson.
Come up, say a few words, Grayson.
Thank you, guys. I just wanna say
that this is not about winning.
This is about fighting for your dreams
and never giving up.
And we've all been dreaming together
for a long time
and you just made it real,
so thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you! I love you.
We love you, Grayson.
No.
Who the fuck did that?
What the fuck was that?
Stop.
What the fuck?
Fuck me, that's bad, bro.
That's literally my worst nightmare.
No way! No way that just happened.
But your dream came true.
I mean, she's not wrong. You did win.
Oh, my God!
What the fuck?
I've fully broken my hand.
And my career is done up, like--
This is like my worst nightmare.
Thank you to everyone. Peace.
-No, I'm sleeping.
-Grayson?
Why do you knock, then?
Sorry, bad new habit.
Okay, so Jasper's nightmare coming true
was very unlikely, right?
The chances of your nightmare coming true
were like, what? One in a million?
-One in a billion?
-What are you trying to say?
Grayson, I have a terrible feeling
about this.
Why? What do you mean?
We need to look at the book again.
We might find something out.
This better be good.
-Bro, what's this about?
-Something about the book.
-What are you looking for?
-The catch.
The book didn't say anything.
Well, it does now.
-Wait, what?
-What?
-Look.
-That wasn't there before...
I know, look.
"Your pure devotion will suffice.
"You will see
when you have closed your eyes."
"Closed your eyes."
We only see the catch when we're dreaming.
"All of your dreams shall soon be true
but your nightmares will be, too,
"as all of you must pay a price."
I hate this book.
-What if it's listening?
-I don't think it's gonna hear me.
It can make things appear,
I'm not so sure.
Five people, five nightmares.
-Yours has come true.
-Yes.
-Yours, as well.
-Yeah, almost forgot about that.
It's after midnight,
so it could be any one of us.
Jasper burned his paper first.
Grayson went second.
-Following that pattern, who's next?
-Me.
It's me.
What is your worst nightmare?
Okay...
Mine's drowning under ice.
Shit.
-Jesus.
-Well, that's a fucked up nightmare.
-And you?
-Mine's losing all my teeth.
-Bullshit.
-Yeah, right.
Literally everyone has that nightmare.
Guys, look at Persephone's door.
No!
-What's this?
-I think it's dissolving.
Has this happened before?
-No!
-Have you seen this happen before?
It's happening.
-What is this?
-Arthur, what's happening?
Arthur!
-I got Persephone hooked on drugs.
-What?
My worst nightmare is
that she ODs and dies.
-Shit!
-Well, fuck.
I'm sorry, I couldn't...
-No, no, no!
-Persephone's door.
What do we do now?
We have to find her. Like, now.
I think I know where she is.
Persephone!
-Persephone!
-She's not interested in you, mate.
Fuck off!
Okay.
Persephone!
Hey, Persephone!
Hey!
She's not... She's not breathing!
Call an ambulance, now!
Persephone!
Liv? Are you all right? What's happened?
She's dead in the toilet.
Liv!
Yeah, she died of an overdose.
What?
"Liv Silver."
You look like death warmed up.
I might be, soon.
Speaking of which, I read about your dad.
He smashed through the ice five years ago.
I wonder what killed him first.
The cold?
Or the lack of oxygen?
Were you with him that day?
What? I'm curious, that's all.
-You're sick.
-I don't have an issue with you.
Come, Butter. Good girl. Liv?
Where were you all night?
I was worried about you.
Yes, Butter.
Something came for you.
Have you been crying?
Liv, what's going on?
Persephone from school is dead.
What?
I just feel like it's all my fault. Again.
No. Come here.
It wasn't your fault.
Everything is fine. It's going to be okay.
I know right now
the pain feels unimaginable.
Persephone always inspired us
with her enthusiasm.
-Her ability...
-This can't be.
...to always keep going.
There must be a way to stop this.
In the coming weeks and months,
love each other. Support each other.
And day by day, it will get easier.
Okay, like--
Will this help us get, I don't know...
-Who's this?
-Can't peel a chicken, Jas.
-Is it technically black magic?
-Something about taking bath salts, but...
Like sage bundle,
use a feather or wave or...
"Get rid of negative energy,
negative entities,
-"evil spirits and its harmful effects..."
-Yeah, that's...
Smoke won't help us break this curse.
-We should get an exorcist.
-Guys, there's something missing here.
In the book?
Yeah.
Look, there's obviously a page missing.
Here. "For your nightmares to reverse,
there are two ways to lift the curse."
-And this is gone. Who would do that?
-Who the fuck did that?
-Anabel.
-What?
-She's alive?
-Of course.
Do you know where she is?
Anabel spent so much time in her dreams,
she loved it more than real life.
Okay, and? So?
She didn't know what was real
and what was a dream anymore.
-What's the point?
-She tried jumping off a bridge.
Why would she do that?
-She thought she was waking up.
-Why are you telling this now?
-Thankfully, she failed.
-Yeah, thankfully.
-Jesus.
-She's recovering in a mental institution.
Great. So, where is she?
-Which hospital?
-I promised I wouldn't tell.
Not even us?
Are you proud
of your little shitty secret?
I told you it was a bad idea.
If you know where Anabel is, and she knows
where that page is, we need to get it.
It's the only way
we can clear up this mess...
We won't do shit, Liv. I'll do it.
-We're coming with you.
-No, you're not!
-We obviously can't trust you.
-I know Anabel better than anyone.
-She doesn't know you, won't talk to you.
-You'd be surprised.
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing.
Go. What are you waiting for?
They have visiting hours. I'll go then.
Yeah. Great.
Let's just sit around and waste time.
Do you understand
that if we don't do this, I die?
I'm not fucking stupid. Of course I know.
Do you even want to reverse the curse?
Are you serious?
My cousin is dead, you...
-Hey, watch it!
-Why, is she your girlfriend?
-It's not her fault your cousin did drugs.
-Are you fucking mad?
-Say that again!
-Stop it!
-Maybe if you knew how to breathe...
-I'm sorry!
Don't touch me!
I'm visiting from Germany,
and I wanted to know
if Anabel Scott is in your hospital?
-Sorry, that's confidential information.
-I understand.
So, I really want to see her.
Is there any possibility I can come visit?
I'm really sorry, miss.
You'll have to come back.
So... If I only come
for like, two minutes,
I swear, just two minutes and that's it,
I'll leave after two minutes. I promise.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
"Wear this tonight
if you want to know more. A."
Anabel.
Hey!
Need a lift?
No, thanks. I want to be alone.
What if I don't?
It's my night, Liv.
Okay. So what?
Your worst nightmare
is literally losing your teeth.
Make an appointment at the dentist.
I lied.
Please.
Come with me and I'll tell you the truth.
Okay.
Get on.
-Are you all right?
-Yeah.
This is it.
-My gran is asleep upstairs.
-Okay.
The dollhouse.
That's mad.
That's crazy.
That's you?
That's me.
She's so sweet.
Is that... her?
Yeah, it is.
My mom.
Amy's witch. Yeah.
My nan has custody over Amy.
She takes better care of her
than my mom ever could.
I love her...
when she's sober, but...
When she's not she...
Her hurting Amy is...
is a total nightmare.
My worst, to be exact.
So that's why
I have to protect her tonight.
I hate my mom.
Sometimes.
That was actually...
the last thing I said to my dad
before he died.
I'm sorry.
I started a stupid fight with my dad.
I ran out on to the lake.
And I remember hearing the ice cracking.
And then it was suddenly dark
and I couldn't feel my body anymore.
I was trapped under the ice.
And then my dad's hand grabbed me
and pulled me out.
Then, I heard the ice cracking again.
And suddenly my dad was gone.
It's not your fault.
How would you have known?
Hey. Liv.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah, I'm just checking if it's real.
Liv.
Come closer.
Take the hand.
Take it!
Not what you expected?
I don't blame you. I hate this dream.
And you can't change it?
I can't. They drugged me.
Well, thanks for the invite, I guess.
Did Arthur talk to you
about the missing page?
Arthur knows where that page is.
We read about the catch.
We read about the nightmares
in the dream hall.
I tried to talk him out of it,
but he wouldn't listen.
He tore out that page
so I didn't see how to reverse it.
Wow.
Yes.
He made it look like I'd lost
sense of reality. No one believed me.
They say
I'm a psychologically fragile girl.
Or should I say, "maiden"?
I know, right? Super sexist.
It actually means innocent blood,
not virgin.
Arthur knew about the nightmares.
He knew what would happen to Persephone.
And he did it anyways.
Yes.
But why would he do that?
I don't know. You have to find out.
He'll never tell me.
Not consciously.
You mean...
Quick, you're waking up.
Find the page and don't tell anyone.
We don't know
who might be on it with Arthur.
Hello?
Check Arthur's boat.
Liv?
Mom. Hey!
I told you!
-For my sake...
-Get away from her!
-Get that bitch out of my house!
-Fuck off!
Are you all right?
Amy?
No, no, no. Amy!
Amy!
-I have to call the police.
-No!
-What?
-Anabel said...
Anabel?
-Are you seriously talking about her now?
-Yeah.
My sister is gone!
Anabel is a mentler, okay?
-That's why she's in Winterhouse Hospital.
-Winterhouse?
-What?
-How long have you known that for?
Arthur told me. He wasn't supposed
to tell anyone. It's none of our business.
Okay.
-Well, what else do you know?
-What?
Are you two planning something?
You're starting to sound crazy, Liv.
-Like Anabel, or what?
-I can't deal with this right now.
If you're not going to help me,
then piss off.
I thought we were supposed
to help each other.
Hey, Grayson...
Henry's nightmare came true.
The real one, not the one with the teeth.
So, I'm the only one left.
Do you have an anchor to Arthur's dreams?
Can you bring it to school?
I'll explain later.
Hey, Liv. Are you coming today?
The whole school will be there.
We're having a public viewing.
I mean, the moon's turning red.
I know.
I don't know if I'll make it.
Come on, it will be fun.
Is everything okay, Liv?
Liv, I told you, I'm not doing that.
You don't go into your friends' dream
-without them knowing...
-If we tell him, our cover is blown.
Get out of here!
Fuck off!
-What a dickhead.
-Guys, allow it, man.
Arthur said Anabel
doesn't know anything about the page.
Of course he said that.
Arthur is my friend.
And I really like you,
but we've known you for, like, five days.
So, can you please just tell us
what this is about?
'Cause I don't know if I can
fully trust you guys.
It gets like that. You see that, Grayson?
It gets like that. Okay.
We want to help you.
We just need to know what you're up to.
-Okay, well, I don't need you.
-What?
-I don't need anyone.
-Where are you going?
Wait--
Make sure you keep your goggles
on at the Bunsen burners, please.
Can you tie your hair back, please?
Thank you.
How's it going?
What are you doing here, Silver?
Have you found anything out?
She refused to see me.
-You're starting to get on my nerves!
-I'm sorry.
For fuck's sake.
Okay.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
Yes!
Where are you?
"Sacrifice of the maiden.
"On the blood moon night,
when everyone has paid their price,
"you'll make the final sacrifice.
"Kill the maiden in dream's core
and be a dreamer evermore.
"But if the maiden turns around,
destroys the book on dreamer's ground,
"the doors shall close and end the curse
and all the nightmares be reversed."
Liv!
Liv! The fuck do you think you're doing?
Liv, come back here!
Fucking bitch!
Fuck!
Open, open, open!
Arthur wants to sacrifice the maiden
on the blood moon night,
so that he can enter anyone's dream,
all over the world, forever.
That's insane. We can't let him succeed.
He won't. Not if the maiden
destroys the book first.
I'll wake up and I'll get it.
But we don't know which maiden it is,
me or you.
-You're right.
-We have to do it together.
Liv!
Wake up! Liv!
Wake up, Liv!
-Are you fucking kidding me?
-Are you real?
You're a fucking joke.
Hey, please just text her...
-Grayson!
-What?
-Okay, this might sound crazy.
I read the missing page in Arthur's dream.
How did you get in his dream?
Listen. Hear me out.
-What?
-This is me trusting you right now, okay?
Okay.
If the maiden destroys the book
on the blood moon, which is tonight,
then all the curses get reversed.
Okay, that's a good thing.
-Yes.
-Okay, all we need is the book.
-Of course, you just have it already.
-Yep, and I need your car.
-You don't know how to drive.
-That's why I need you.
Let's go. Come on.
Okay, so just let me get this straight.
-We get her out of the mental hospital...
-Correct.
...so the maidens can destroy the book
and reverse all the nightmares.
-Yeah.
-That's the plan?
-In a nutshell.
-Got it.
-Can you drive any faster?
-No, I can't.
-Keep the engine running.
-What? No...
Liv, I'm coming with you!
Okay, fine. I'll just stay here then.
Excuse me, miss. Can I help you?
Visiting hours are done for today.
Yes, I'm actually
the new doctor from Berlin.
-What was your name?
-Dr. Franka Stein.
Frankenstein?
And I suppose you are here
to see... Dracula?
Miss, this is a hospital for sick people.
I'm gonna need you to leave.
Fine.
I need to get one of your patients out.
Otherwise, I'll be sacrificed
in a sick blood ritual tonight
and my worst nightmare will come true.
Okay, let me get you a doctor.
Please, take a seat over there.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
Anabel, Anabel, Anabel...
-I found you.
-Oh, my God.
You're my hero.
We need to be quick.
Show me the book.
-Drink something.
-Thanks.
Come on.
Shit. What are they doing here?
She figured it all out.
I told you, you can't trust them.
-If she escapes, and Anabel, it's over.
-I do know that.
We need to get out of here.
Let's take the back door.
Let's try Arthur's car.
He left the key.
-Now he'll definitely kill us both.
-Maybe.
Liv!
Go!
Anabel?
Anabel!
Oh, my God! Grayson!
Stop the car.
Anabel, slow down. You're gonna kill us.
Not us, just you.
What?
You have to die tonight. I'm sorry.
Is this a dream?
It's your dream, to be exact.
-When did I fall asleep?
-Quite a while ago.
I drugged you when you came to my room.
The water! You're an asshole!
Please mind your language.
-You hid the page in Arthur's dream...
-Took you a while.
All I had to do was vanish
so the boys would start looking
for another maiden to replace me.
If you crash the car
you're going to die as well.
No. You replaced me as maiden.
I'm just gonna wake up.
You know what? You're fucking insane.
No. Where is it?
What are you doing, Liv?
You'll die tonight, anyway,
awake or asleep.
It's your nightmare, remember?
I'll happily watch you die.
I know the rules. If I jump in a dream,
I wake up before I hit the ground,
so I'm not gonna die.
Yes, but you're the maiden.
How can you be so sure
you won't die on this special night?
You're bluffing.
If you really don't want me to jump,
then it's the right thing to do.
You're forgetting something.
My anchor is not going to help you much
when I'm awake.
It doesn't only belong to you.
If you don't step down from there,
I'll have to torture your sweet sister
in her dreams until she dies.
You want this?
Okay, I'll come down.
-Help!
-Liv!
-Grayson! I'm here.
-What happened?
She drugged me.
Hey! Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Okay.
Anabel said she was gonna go
into Mia's dream. We need to find her.
-I'll text the others.
-Okay.
Wait, why is it snowing?
It never snows this time of the year.
It's my nightmare coming true.
It begins. The moon is turning red.
Come.
-It's gonna be fine.
-I'll call the others.
-Holy shit!
-Are you okay?
-You look like shit, but you're alive.
-Yeah, thanks, I'm working on it.
-Come on.
-This is a really special night.
A total lunar eclipse
is a rare phenomenon.
-It only lasts for a few minutes.
-Mia!
-Have you seen Mia?
-She went upstairs to the rooftop.
Wait, she was alone?
No. There was someone with her.
Anabel. Okay, let's go.
Is this Mia's bag?
-Yeah, she said she needed help...
-Thank you.
-Anabel!
-Mia!
-She's not here.
-They can't be too far.
-I'll wake her up from within.
-They're here somewhere.
You gotta knock me out.
It's too dangerous. Anabel is a nutjob.
I have Mia's anchor.
It's the only way.
It'll be all right. But just in case, I...
I really like you.
I like you, too.
Now, knock me out.
I mean it.
I'm not just gonna hit you...
Mia.
Mia, where are you?
Mia, where's your door?
Where's your door?
Mia!
-More cream or more marmalade?
-Jam time. Let's do it.
Really, really... a lot we have to do.
-A lot.
-Excellent.
We don't have to put marmalade on it.
It's good.
Hey, Liv.
Hi, darling.
Are you still mad at me, Liv?
No.
Not at all.
Good. Well then...
Come on, get back to work.
Dad?
Yeah, what's up?
I'm sorry.
Liv, it's all right.
It's all right.
Every family fights now and then.
Okay?
It's a sign that we care.
Liv.
I love you.
I love you, Dad.
I know.
Come on.
Now, get back to work.
Liv?
I'm cold.
I am so very cold.
Mia!
Mia. Mia, wake up!
She can't. I drugged her.
That's why her dream is freezing.
You'll be fine.
It's always sunny in your dreams.
Please, Anabel. Stop this.
You'll be fine.
You have to die for me, first.
I'll see you on the ice.
Bye, Dad.
If I sacrifice myself,
will you destroy the book and let Mia go?
I suppose as soon as the maiden
is sacrificed, I don't need the book.
It's a deal.
In another life we could've been friends.
But it had to be one of us.
It's nothing personal.
Neither is this.
Anabel!
Anabel, follow me!
Jump!
Liv?
Why'd you hit her so hard?
She asked you and you wouldn't do it.
I'm sorry I wouldn't hit her with a pipe!
I'm gonna go to prison.
-The moon...
-I'm so sorry.
The blood moon is over.
Are you okay?
-Where's Mia?
-We found her.
-Let's go. Come on.
-Easy. You're fine.
Come on!
-Mia!
-Liv!
She's fine. I checked her.
She just woke up.
-How are you?
-She's a bit out of it, but fine.
-She's okay?
-Where's Anabel?
-Are you okay?
-Anabel.
-I've called an ambulance.
-Is Liv okay, though?
-Holy shit.
-Liv's okay too. Well, Grayson hit her.
-Look at my finger.
-Somebody had to do it.
What was in that gross punch?
-Anabel.
-Jeez, everything's so fucked up.
What happened to the book? Look!
-The book's completely destroyed.
-What?
-Look!
-Where did it all go?
-That's crazy.
-Jas.
-Let me see.
-What?
-Is it me or is your arm completely fine?
-Does it hurt?
-Holy...
It's fine. It worked.
If it worked, then where's Persephone?
-I think it worked.
-It worked, man.
Goodbye, Anabel.
What are we looking at?
Persephone.
-What the fuck?
-Get off me.
What the hell?
I'm flattered,
but not surprised 'cause I'm popular.
But still, what's going on?
-Where have you been?
-What the--
Arthur, get off. Fuck off.
I'm watching the blood moon.
Where have you been?
Good night, Butter.
-Good night, Liv.
-Good night.
Good morning.
-Good morning, sweetie.
-Morning.
-Everything okay?
-More than okay, actually.
Breakfast is ready, okay?
Mom?
Yes?
Sorry that I can sometimes be...
the way that I am.
The way you are is good.
Like your dad used to say,
it shows that you care.
Liv, I can't believe
you copied my costume.
-It's a coincidence.
-She paid me to tell her.
-Have fun and take care.
-Bye.
Bye.
-You're just jealous.
-Don't touch me. You're a nightmare.
I used to have nightmares.
Believe me, this is nothing.
You look like Liv's evil twin sister
and I do not hate it.
Doesn't feel like a year, does it?
No.
You still haven't told me
what your wish was.
I wished to find someone
that I could fall in love with.
Someone like you.